The girls' lives are not important.
If there comes a situation
where we have to kill them,
we'll just rescue your daughter--
Rescuing only my daughter
while all of the press is here?
Letting all the people watch it?
Did you forget about the agreement?
We agreed to killing all the spies
and saving the hostages. Right?
What I'm saying is,
depending on the situation--
Even still!
We must save all of the students.
Including my daughter.
Take care, sir.
That hypocritical bastard.
Isn't he?
He even sent his son to the front lines
to remain in his position as director.
If you think about it,
it's his fault his son died!
Hey.
If the election goes wrong,
he'll bitterly regret
not having killed the students!
Then,
depending on the situation,
might we end up killing the students?
You are right, sir.
"You are right, sir"?
These goddamn bastards.
Hurry up!
Hey, take them inside.
Keep in line.
Just like those released earlier,
have all of them sign the NDA
saying they'll stay quiet.
Scare them a little bit
and send them to our hospital.
And make sure
no reporters are on your tail.
They arrived with no problem.
So don't worry, sir.
-A cigarette.
-Pardon?
Yes, sir.
Why are you carrying a bug detector?
What? What's going on?
Me?
Mr. Nam. A bug!
Who the hell planted this?
I'm sorry.
The delivery guy.
Why can't we go in there?
-We can't!
-My kid's in there!
-We need to go in!
-What's going on?
-What's this?
-Coming through.
Make way, please.
What? What's going on?
I came to pick up the bowls.
-Let him pass.
-Let him pass!
What, are you going to kill him?
Of course.
Are you willing to kill the students too?
The girls' lives are not important.
If the election goes wrong,
he'll bitterly regret
not having killed the students!
We need to send this into the dorm.
And if it's revealed--
Wait. You'll give it to the spies?
What's the emergency frequency
you and your fiancée use?
What's the rush?
You gave her until tomorrow morning.
We're running out of time.
I need to see
if it's possible to get the proof.
What's the frequency?